Decouple restarter (#762)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/04-10-technical-design.md

- Restart Pods with proxy sidecar when CNI config changes.
- Restart Pods with proxy sidecar after an Istio version update.
- Restart Pods with proxy sidecar when proxy resources change.
- Restart Pods if they match [Restart Predicates](#restart-predicates) that the [Istio ResourcesReconciliation component](#istio-resourcesreconciliation) specifies (for example, being up to date with proxy image version).

### IngressGatewayRestarter

> IngressGateway Restarter is responsible for restarting Istio Ingress Gateway. The component consumes a list of [Restart Predicates](#restart-predicates) that determine when the restart should occur. Restarter triggers the restart in case that `numTrustedProxies` configuration changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IngressGateway Restarter is responsible for restarting Istio Ingress Gateway. The component consumes a list of [Restart Predicates](#restart-predicates) that determine when the restart should occur. Restarter triggers the restart if there's a change in the `numTrustedProxies` configuration.
```
